very good of all and for now and
welcome to the information of the
remakes of pokemon ruby omega and sapphire
good alpha guys have feared the filter
obviously the scans of the corocoro yesterday
I said that many may have leaked
more during yesterday I said I expected the
filter many more etcetera etcetera and
yesterday they finished filtering the glasses
who had been waiting for them to get a
little bit more information and so on
etcetera and in what is apart yesterday
I also uploaded three videos I did not want either
fill them with videos yesterday so in short
I have not brought it hear them I'm sorry for the
people who already know this information but
Well I prefer to bring it today than by
true today I am already in the sanfermines
I bring him a blog or something like that
style surely bring it we will see
to see part of what lasts me
battery but good because there are going to
talk about the scans of the corocoro be
there are a few about six is ​​cannes
which is seen throughout the high command that
we will talk about the high command in a way
quite interesting and some things that
those of emery have already said
you know that I get into forums and so on
etcetera and also the noaa pokédex me
It seems very peculiar and very interesting
it pretty cool and it reminds me good is a
good wink to the game boy advance to the
we will see on the screen very probably and
aside the theme of the madame pica chus and
also the
the image of the birch teacher that that is
very, very interesting
just as a little fat is unlikely
normal over there for you let's see
first of all the game boy advance the
you see it on the screen you know
that remakes good remakes the games
original so to speak pokemon ruby
Sapphire came out just before
come out the game boy advance sp is that the
change so sps in the first game boy
that has to overlap that has the
top so to speak with the screen
small etcetera etcetera and the gameboy
advance that still had no color in
the screen etcetera etcetera then it is the
last game boy that has no cap
it has swamps and it does not have the
screen or the monkey that do have
screen has no screen with light or
has a lid so good wink the truth
thank you and cool it down to do that
piece of poker lengths that cool
very much should make it tamagotchi me
cago in the queue is one gameboy
stool a pocket is like that with tamagotchi
come on I bought it let's go shut up and
Take my money see what I do in the
upstairs you see a pikachu a madame
pikachu something strange that still does not
knows many speaks that can be the
theme of contests and so on etc.
but you still do not know anything the next is
can be seen by one who is the second the
gym leader
at level 18 that are not at level 18 they are
at level 19 because pokemon is true
until 2019 and in ruby ​​pokemon I was
level 18 in I know because I'm
happening now the ruby ​​starter what
I knew is the level change in amber
see he knew he is at level 19 because
the emerald is a bit more difficult
that blonde pokemon so I hope that what
make this game more difficult than pokemon
ruby that is not that hard either
but well let's hope they do it
little bit more anyway, here they have
filtering some taking on screen
You see a drop of water on a page
america one-name one page
Japanese a Chinese page that I do not know
but hey it looks pretty good at the level
the peaks seem to be that these are
the costumes that you can wear in the
contests seems to have been remodeled
completely the theme of the contests
pokemon and it's one thing that I love is
also contests fall in love
honestly that's one thing that I
I do not know why but I love it
the theme of doing because cube is to get us
in charisma in beauty et cetera etcetera
with those with the tapes and such is now
it's cool that they put costumes to see if
they have more beauty charisma and so on
etcetera hours that pretty cool what
I do not know is if you can disguise everyone
all kinds of pokemon only to the
picachos is something that is not yet known
and that
I will update when a little bit is known
more information also by the way
filter or confirm that there will be little
I recess why I had a break
there are remakes continue to exist
they say he's going to see a couple of changes
he knew that there will be new mini-games
et cetera etcetera and it is also filtered
good is filtered or is said to be
the super workout does not come out does not come out
today but I think it will be seen in
at least the super enters mentor
if there is not your approach as a
pokémon xe and this is already a thing that
you know, I think you're going to see something with
the poke cubes I do not know why with the
such fences go up the sets of such
pokemon something like maybe we'll see to see
I do not know anything yet I do not want to confirm
nothing obviously this is nothing
My guess but anyway we'll see
by the way here you also see the teacher
birch airways pretty normal fat couple
we came in remembered them less fat not
I know why I believe that the years do not fall
in vain for nobody and this teacher is a
slightly fatter than normal
here we also have the high command
so much for one obviously not
but if we see the leaders good
the media with much better quality than
before yesterday
there you see them and to the right of girl
high command I hope that the high command what
make it a little harder than that of
I wanted to and I think that it will be good
basically the same as ruby ​​sapphire
or the emerald but I hope there
still a re league is to say that when it happens
is the league you can come back to go with
its because you go to level 80 and so on
etcetera I hope because and to see how it does
the pokemon league is true because the league
pokemon of de pokemon rubí sapphire era
pretty spectacular but I want to see in
what I want and I hope it's better
that in pokémon xy suppose also to
maximum champion with that mega goal gro
we write before three or four days
but well there are mega meta gross and
little bit more these are the scans
saved enough information
sincerely the theme of the super bases
secret mega goal gross and now with
this so a lot of information is
week we will see if something else comes out
during these days we hope that yes by
true the high command that I see I do not see
that nobody has a mega stone in plan
to see the team leader to wyler's
Magma team have mega stones already
has 11 do not have the glasses other has not
I know where but good you see that they have
mega stones but both a high command
as the top champion I do not see where it is
its good mega stone without maximums and
maximum forgiveness has the bracelet is the
snap that bracelet and the others
it seems that maybe not sixto have
little of a bracelet maybe every I do not know
maybe that core is mega two clubs and
csif sad to mega shifter
I do not know, it's not that I would like everyone
they are taking them have an evolution
but when is it rather doubt
I wish we had seen the first round
of the pokemon league do not have mega
developments in the second round when and
be in the low level 80 as I say I'm
assuming a lot but maybe yes that
have mega evolution or not to know if
this information can leave a layman a
comment everything you want to see if
let's go to 3,000 or 4,000 likes it would be very
Thank you very much for the
support you have always had the audio
they gave you news and information and
see you tomorrow with more be the
information during these days that no
I'm home I'm sorry but not for
upload it as soon as it gets home what
I will try to do I will try to upload not the
physical come a greeting and I until the
next
goodbye